Behavioral changes for Data Prepper S3 sink (#4897)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sinks/s3.md

Because Avro requires a schema, you may either define the schema yourself, or Data Prepper will automatically generate a schema.
In general, you should define your own schema because it will most accurately reflect your needs.

> We recommend that you make your Avro fields use a null [union](https://avro.apache.org/docs/current/specification/#unions) unless you can be completely certain that the data will be present.

Author: I tried taking a different approach here. Please read it and let me know your thoughts.

### parquet codec

The `parquet` codec writes events into a Parquet file.
You must set the `buffer_type` to `in_memory` when using Parquet.

The Parquet codec writes data using the Avro schema.
Because Parquet requires an Avro schema, you may either define the schema yourself, or Data Prepper will automatically generate a schema.
However, we generally recommend that you define your own schema so that it can best meet your needs.

We recommend that you make your Avro fields use a null [union](https://avro.apache.org/docs/current/specification/#unions) unless you can be completely certain that the data will be present.

> Any events which do not have values for types which do not have a null union will fail to write to the destination.

Reviewer: Do we need to recreate this since this same text already exists in Avro codec section? We could just link back to the Avro rules your outlined in the second sentence.

### parquet codec

The `parquet` codec writes events into a Parquet file.
When using the Parquet codec, set the `buffer_type` to `in_memory`.

The Parquet codec writes data using the Avro schema.
Because Parquet requires an Avro schema, you may either define the schema yourself, or Data Prepper will automatically generate a schema.
However, we generally recommend that you define your own schema so that it can best meet your needs.

> Please refer to the [Avro codec](#avro-codec) documentation for details on the Avro schema and recommendations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on the Avro schema and recommendations, see the  [Avro codec](#avro-codec) documentation.
```
